my name is Flint Lockwood and I've
always wanted to invent something
awesome but when my little town fell on
hard times all anyone could afford to
eat were sardines because sardines are
super gross this was my chance to show
everyone what I was made of conversion
of water into food looks like
[Music]
flint lockwood it shenanigan Iser why
can't you be more like my son cow sir
sup and just when I thought my inventing
days were over
the first time in my life
everybody loves something that I've done
can you look me in the eye and tell me
son you've got this under control and
it's not gonna end up in a disaster easy
hot dogs I've got this under control
it's not gonna disaster we are about to
be the epicenter of a perfect food store
Pizza
I've gotta stop the machine the fate of
the world depends on me knowing you
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs in a
mouth-watering 3d you are about to be
crushed by a giant corn
[Music]
you